README.md, before:

### Canada Map SVG

![canada](http://fat.gfycat.com/CircularGlitteringGerbil.gif)

**DEMO: [pippinlee.com/canada](http://www.pippinlee.com/canada)**


This project is a template to make starting mapping projects easier.

### Included
* Original SVG map of Canada `canada-map-svg.svg`
* Original Raphael.js conversion of SVG file `canada-map-svg.js`
* Additional provincial data included population and premier to get you started `province-data.js`
* A sample `script.js` file to see what you can make with the above template


### Tools used
I originally got the Canada map SVG from [here](http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Canada_blank_map.svg)

If you don't like the size of the current SVG data in the canada-map-svg.js file you can resize it. I've added the SVG here as canada-map-svg.svg which you can resize.

There are a number of ways to do this. The options include using [this](http://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/branches/2.6/editor/svg-editor.html) great online SVG editor.

The second option is the great command line tool [SVG Resizer](https://github.com/vieron/svg-resizer).

To use your SVG file with Raphael.js you can use this handy site [readysetraphael.com](www.readysetraphael.com) which will let you upload an SVG and spit out a the .js file you need.

Commit message:

more province data and docs

README.md, after:

### Canada Map SVG

![canada](http://fat.gfycat.com/CircularGlitteringGerbil.gif)

**DEMO: [pippinlee.com/canada](http://www.pippinlee.com/canada)**


This project is a template to make starting mapping projects easier.

### Included
* Original SVG map of Canada `canada-map-svg.svg`
* Original Raphael.js conversion of SVG file `canada-map-svg.js`
* Additional provincial data included population and premier to get you started `province-data.js`
* A sample `script.js` file to see what you can make with the above template


Example of using the `province-data.js` file to get the capital of Ontario: `CAON.info.capital`


### Tools used
I originally got the Canada map SVG from [here](http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Canada_blank_map.svg)

If you don't like the size of the current SVG data in the canada-map-svg.js file you can resize it. I've added the SVG here as canada-map-svg.svg which you can resize.

There are a number of ways to do this. The options include using [this](http://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/branches/2.6/editor/svg-editor.html) great online SVG editor.

The second option is the great command line tool [SVG Resizer](https://github.com/vieron/svg-resizer).

To use your SVG file with Raphael.js you can use this handy site [readysetraphael.com](http://www.readysetraphael.com) which will let you upload an SVG and spit out a the .js file you need.
